#+TITLE: How to Purchase Auction Items on Ethair.

First thing’s first, a user finds an item they are interested in.

[[../assets/interested-item.png]]

Auctions on Ethair have a time limit set by the seller. They can last
up to thirty days or be as short as a few minutes.

The buyer will input the highest amount they are willing to pay for
the item into the bid input field. They will be prompted to confirm
the bid or be able to revise the max amount. If they are the first
bidder, our system will automatically bid at the asking price. The max
bid they input will be set in the background.

If the next bidder comes in and makes an offer that is more than the
asking price, but less than that max bid, then the system will bid for
the user at $1 over the other bid. It will continue to do that after
each bid until the user’s max bid is reached.

If a seller has set a reserve price then the bid the the buyer places
might not necessarily increase by $1. It will increase up to the
maximum bid set by the buyer — but only if the current bid price is
set less that the reserve price.

For example: an item listed with has zero bids with a starting price
of $15. The seller sets the reserve price at $85. The reserve price is
only seen by seller. A buyer bids $75, their bid is set at that
price. If another buyer comes in and puts a max bid of $100 then the
system will bid $85 as that is the reserve price..

Auctions are such that if the bidding doesn’t reach the reserve price,
the item does not sell to the bidders. The price has to cross that
threshold in order for the sale to happen, otherwise the auction
cancels.

If a user gets outbid, our system will let them know via our messaging
widget, so they can take action and increase the bid if they wish.

[[../assets/message.png]]

Our automated proxy bidding system will make sure the user is always
the highest bidder up to the maximum amount that was set. A user’s
maximum bid can be increased at any time by entering a new amount in
the bid window.

The auction listing page shows users how many bids were placed so far
on the item. It also will allow them to track the bids they placed, as
well as bids placed by other users. The page will also show users
which bids were proxy bids.

Once a user places a bid on an item, it will automatically be added to
their ‘Watch List’, which can be found under the ‘Lists’ icon in the
header.

[[../assets/watch-list.png]]

Once the auction is won, the item will automatically be added to the
user’s cart, where they can finish the checkout process and complete
the transaction.

If the user is paying with cryptocurrency, then they will go through
our secure escrow process. If they are paying with their local
currency, the transaction continues as a typical online sale.

We look forward to showcasing more of our features as it gets closer
to the launch date!
