#+TITLE: Ethair Referral Program

Spreading the word about Ethair is a mutually beneficial action. We
get new users and you reap the benefits of our referral program.

Each user is given a referral link to share with your friends and
family. Any verified users with your link will get counted toward your
total referrals. You can check your referral count, as well as
shareable personal link in your account, under Referral Activity.

The referral rewards pay out at the end of every month based on the
percentage of new users you referred. Your number of referrals still
counts after the end of each month as the total is cumulative.

The rewards you receive are a share of an ETHR token, our proprietary
cryptoâ€™s, reward pool. The EHTR token is accumulated on a monthly
basis depending on the number of points users have converted to
ETHR. Points are earned on each transaction.

[[../assets/ethr-points.jpeg]]

The more transactions on the marketplace, the more points users earn
and can be converted to EHTR. This means the more people you refer,
the more beneficial the program is all around.

At the end of each month, accumulated token value is distributed among
the referrers. The first payout will be will be by the end of the
quarter following our launch, or sooner if possible.

When users on the platform exchange their earned points into EHTR
tokens, those points get multiplied by our smart contract. Every time
a user exchanges points for the token, an extra 50% worth of the token
is created. The referral pool gets 25% and the other 25% goes into a
company owned account. This is so the amount of tokens in the pool is
proportional to marketplace sales and requests exchange points can be
fulfilled.

Users will be able to see the current number of reward tokens in the
pool in a pie chart that dynamically shows their share of the pool.

Each user and each transaction can build up the amount of benefits
users get from utilizing our services. These passive rewards means the
time spent on our platform is productive to you and your actions on
our site.
